OM-188 - README updates (#113)
aerospike/aerospike-monitoring: examples/otel/README.md

```

# Deployment model

Aerospike Prometheus Exporter can push data to OTel endpoints  

1. Exporter directly pushing to OTel endpoint
2. OTel Collector

# Connecting to OTel endpoints
![Deployment Topology](assets/aerospike_exporter_otel_collector.png)

## Aerospike Prometheus Exporter push to OTel endpoint

> ##### modify the Aerospike Prometheus Exporter ape.toml config file with the OTel endpoints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Modify the Aerospike Prometheus Exporter ape.toml config file with the OTel endpoints
```

> **Note**: Currently Exporter supports only gRPC endpoints

OpenTelemetry configs are available under section Agent.OpenTelemetry in ape.toml config file

```

> service_name = "<please provide application service to be appeared in the observability site>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
service_name = "<please provide application service to appear in the observability site>"
```
